OCPBUGS#27147: Doc improvements in "Creating a Logical Volume Manager cluster on a single-node OpenShift worker node" proc (#70232)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/lvms-reference-file.adoc

//
// storage/persistent_storage/persistent_storage_local/persistent-storage-using-lvms.adoc

> :_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT

Author: I have added info on `LVMCluster` CR parameters, and explained how users can configure them. 
Users must know this info before they create the LVMCluster CR.

> //

Author: Deleted this file.

        - /dev/disk/by-path/pci-0000:88:00.0-nvme-1
        optionalPaths:
        - /dev/disk/by-path/pci-0000:89:00.0-nvme-1
        - /dev/disk/by-path/pci-0000:90:00.0-nvme-1
        forceWipeDevicesAndDestroyAllData: true 
      thinPoolConfig: <4>
        name: thin-pool-1 
        sizePercent: 90 
        overprovisionRatio: 10 
status:
    deviceClassStatuses: <5>
    - name: vg1
      nodeStatus: 
      - devices: 
        - /dev/nvme0n1
        - /dev/nvme1n1
        - /dev/nvme2n1
        node: my-node.example.com 
        status: Ready 
    ready: true 
    state: Ready <6>
----
<1> `deviceClasses`: Contains the configuration to assign the local storage devices to the LVM volume groups. To create multiple device storage classes in the LVM cluster, create an array under `deviceClasses` for each storage class.
+
[NOTE]
====
If you add or remove a `deviceClass`, then the update reflects in the LVM cluster only after deleting and recreating the `TopoLVM-Node` pod. 
====
+
The `deviceClasses` contains the following fields:

`name`:: Specify the name of the `deviceClass`.
`fstype`:: Set the file system to `ext4` or `xfs`. By default, it is set to `xfs`.

> `default`:: You can set this field to `true` to indicate that a `deviceClass` is the default. Else, you can set it to `false`. You can configure only a single default `deviceClass`. 

Reviewer: See my comment above about combining code callouts and description lists. 

I suggest reworking this content into separate concept modules about architecture or workflows and maybe another reference module as a table describing the fields.

+
The `deviceClasses` contains the following fields:

`name`:: Specify the name of the `deviceClass`.
`fstype`:: Set the file system to `ext4` or `xfs`. By default, it is set to `xfs`.
`default`:: You can set this field to `true` to indicate that the `deviceClass` is the default. Else, you can set it to `false`.

<2> `nodeSelector`: Contains the configuration to choose the nodes on which you want to create the LVM volume groups. 
+
This field contains `nodeSelectorTerms`. You can configure the `matchExpressions` field under `nodeSelectorTerms` with a list of requirements that are used to select the node.
+
If the `nodeSelector` field is empty, then all nodes are considered.

<3> `deviceSelector`: Contains the paths to the devices that are used to create the LVM volume group. 
+
The `deviceSelector` contains the following fields: `paths`, `optionalPaths`, and `forceWipeDevicesAndDestroyAllData`. 
+
You can specify the device paths in `paths`, `optionalPaths`, or both. 
If the specified device path exists, and the device is supported by {lvms}, then the device is added to the `LVMCluster`.
+
[IMPORTANT]
====
After a device is added to the `LVMCluster`, it cannot be removed.
====
+ 

> If you specify device paths only in `paths` or `optionalPaths`, then TBD.

Reviewer 2: If you specify device paths in `paths`, then the device must exist and must be a disk of type that is supported. Otherwise, the LVMCluster will display an error.

If you specify device paths in `optionalPaths`, then the device will be used if it exists and it is of type that is supported. Otherwise, it will be ignored and won't cause an error.

Author: Updated as per the comment.

+
If you do not specify the device paths in both `paths` and `optionalPaths`, then {lvms} adds the unused disks that it supports.
+
forceWipeDevicesAndDestroyAllData:: To force wipe the selected disks, set this parameter to `true`. This parameter is set to `false` by default.
+
[NOTE]
====
Wiping the disk can lead to inconsistencies in data integrity if any of the following conditions is met:

* The disk is being used as swap space.
* The disk is part of the Redundant Array of Independent Disks (RAID).
* The disk is mounted.

In this case, you must manually wipe the disk.
====

<4> `thinPoolConfig`: Contains the LVM thin pool configuration.
+
It contains the following fields:
+
`name`:: The name of the thin pool that is created in the LVM volume group.
`sizePercent`:: The percentage of remaining space in the LVM volume group that is used for creating the thin pool.
`overprovisionRatio`:: The ratio of additional storage to the available storage in the thin pool.

To view the status of the `LVMCluster`, run the following command:
[source, terminal]
----
oc describe lvmcluster <lvmclustercr-name> -n <namespace> <1>
----

> <1> Replace `<lvmclustercr-name>` with the name of the `LVMCluster` CR YAML file. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<1> Replace `<lvmclustercr-name>` with the name specified in the `LVMCluster` CR YAML file. 
```

Author: Updated as per the comment.

+
[NOTE]
====
If you add or remove a `deviceClass`, then the update reflects in the LVM cluster only after deleting and recreating the `TopoLVM-Node` pod. 
====
+
The `deviceClasses` contains the following fields:

`name`:: Specify the name of the `deviceClass`.
`fstype`:: Set the file system to `ext4` or `xfs`. By default, it is set to `xfs`.
`default`:: You can set this field to `true` to indicate that a `deviceClass` is the default. Else, you can set it to `false`. You can configure only a single default `deviceClass`. 

<2> `nodeSelector`: Contains the configuration to choose the nodes on which you want to create the LVM volume groups. 
+
You can configure the `nodeSelectorTerms` with a list of requirements that are used to select the node.
+
If the `nodeSelector` field is empty, then all nodes are considered.

<3> `deviceSelector`: Contains the paths to the devices that are used to create the LVM volume group. 
+
The `deviceSelector` contains the following fields: `paths`, `optionalPaths`, and `forceWipeDevicesAndDestroyAllData`. 
+
You can specify the device paths in `paths`, `optionalPaths`, or both. 
+

> If the device path specified in `paths` or `optionalPaths` exists, and the device belongs to the type of devices that are supported by {lvms}, then the device is added to the LVM cluster. If the device is not supported by {lvms}, then it is ignored. 

Reviewer 2: It is ignored if it was part of `optionalPaths`. It will lead to an error, if it was part of `paths`.

Author: Updated as per the comment. PTAL.
Thanks.

Reviewer 2: Looks good, thanks!
